README.md, before:

# GMAT-GRE_Exam_Algorithm
Compiler Used: VS CODE
Language: Python3
OS: Windows 10


This is the main algorithm used in GMAT and GRE online exams, Kindly check Readme.md file to know more

Basically this examination alogorithm have 3 level of questions (which can be increased) and gives total 3 chances to answer the questions (Chances can be increased too)
To give you a better image of my code lets assume that you got level 1 question which is simple to answer, now if you answer it correctly then you will get level 2 question or else you will be again served with level 1 different question, now lets assume that you answered 1st question correctly, and now you have been served with level 2 question which is little bit tough than level 1 question, and unfortunately you failed to answer it, now your level will again decrease by 1 and next question you will be getting will be of 1 lower level, in our example case its level 1.

Basically these alogorithm works on the concept of, "THE MORE CORRECT ANSWERS YOU GIVE , THE MORE HARD QUESTION WE SERVE"

In my code I am using list of dictionaries to store different levels of questions and answers, you can copy the code as it as and can run on your local machine to see the results

Commit message:

Readme Updated
More better understanding of the repo has been added to Readme

README.md, after:

# GMAT-GRE_Exam_Algorithm
Compiler Used: VS CODE
Language: Python3
OS: Windows 10


This is the main algorithm used in GMAT and GRE online exams, Kindly check Readme.md file to know more

Basically this examination alogorithm have 3 level of questions (which can be increased) and gives total 3 chances to answer the questions (Chances can be increased too)
To give you a better image of my code lets assume that you got level 1 question which is simple to answer, now if you answer it correctly then you will get level 2 question or else you will be again served with level 1 different question, now lets assume that you answered 1st question correctly, and now you have been served with level 2 question which is little bit tough than level 1 question, and unfortunately you failed to answer it, now your level will again decrease by 1 and next question you will be getting will be of 1 lower level, in our example case its level 1.

Basically these alogorithm works on the concept of, "THE MORE CORRECT ANSWERS YOU GIVE , THE MORE HARD QUESTION WE SERVE"

I have added two files in this repo:
  The first File named "AI-EXAM-Algorithm-Beginner"
  contains more lines of code with better understanding, however if you have good knowledge of dictionaries and lists then
  consider going through second file named "AI-EXAM-ALGORITHM-INTERMEDIATE"

In my code I am using list of dictionaries to store different levels of questions and answers, you can copy the code as it as and can run on your local machine to see the results
